feat(docs) Add note on locating tmp file in GH action (#1177)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/troubleshooting.md

After opening the `<board>.dts.pre.tmp:<line number>` and scrolling down to the referenced line, one can locate errors within their shield's keymap by checking if the referenced keycodes were properly converted into the correct [USB HID Usage ID](https://www.usb.org/document-library/hid-usage-tables-12).

:::note

> If you are reviewing these errors in the GitHub Actions tab, `<board>.dts.pre.tmp:<line number>` can be found in the next step of the build process.

Reviewer: I think just a minor tweak would make it clearer what people should be looking for:

```suggestion
If you are reviewing these errors in the GitHub Actions tab, the contents of `<board>.dts.pre.tmp` is output (with line numbers) in the next step of the build process.
```
